Tell us about your life now here in Wales because you've had you've lived a lot of your life here isn't it now?
Yeah, yeah, I came in this house, you know when?
So nearly 18 years and you live here on your own I live in my own yeah, so
When did you when were you widowed? When did your husband pass? My husband died in?
So you've been living on your own for 15 years
No, then
Rahim came here with me because he finished with his girlfriend
So he came and I told him, you know
Don't get any flatter and she come and stay here because I am all alone and there are two rooms over there
You know, so you stay here you see so he said are you sure you see I said, of course
If not, then I wouldn't have told you see
So anyway, you see so he came here you see and she went with his mother her mother
and
How do you find being on your own is rain still with you?
No, Rahim died in 21, you see
It was 9th of 21
9th of February
21 he had a massive heart attack upstairs and
Then of course, you know, I heard the noises and everything
So I knocked his door, you know, and I asked him Rahim Rahim
Why you are doing this still your gym here in the room? You see, you know, what is the time?
So there was no answer then I went back in my room
Again after a little while, you know again the noise came I said
Oh, I'm going to open the door to don't see what is he up to you see when I went over there
He was fast asleep like that
The door was leaking the his back and everything that what can I do for you? You see and
he was sweating up and
I
just
Went and shook him up you see and I said to him rain
There's no answer. I saw my code, you know, I went quickly downstairs, you know and called paramedic
you see that time Cove it was very strongly, you know and
Paramedics came you see and
Then I called rums on from Bridgine you see
I
Made it slim then runs on came Ram's and you were the son
Ram's on is my younger son who was working in police and
Of course, you know, I first I found up to paramedic, you know, then I found runs on so runs on from the way
You know, he formed up to Mab's you know, Mab's Kadi Mabai son and of course, you know, well
She
Mab's was here, you know in dark time you see but by the time runs on came paramedics
They're already here. So they couldn't see him you see or anything you see and
Well, they say we have to take him to the hospital you see so I said well if you are making him better
Yeah, take him now, you see so I gave him the damn to permission to take him away
So that was quite traumatic and stressful for your son because we were in lockdown
It was kovat and he had a heart attack and then said sadly passed after that. Yeah
but when he was
Had a heart attack
Afterwards runs on girlfriend stayed with me overnight here and the next day
My brother said, you know, this is what has happened Rachel has been staying with my sister and
Rachel had kovat, you know
Very bad cold and everything and my sister said go home. You see I will be alright
There are plenty people around her
Around me so I will be alright, you know, she will be alright
So she wouldn't listen, you know, she stayed overnight with me and
Not the same day the next day, you know, I ended up into hospital with kovat. So
Yeah, this is the problem with lockdown and kovat wasn't it the best intention?
So whilst your son was in hospital you were as well. Yeah, luckily you recovered and you're able
Yeah, and then very sadly
Ramzan passed as well
Ramzan passed away within 15 days
Ramzan passed away you see
Ramzan passed away on the
25th of February
21 and Johin went on 9th of February 21
So we didn't do what
15 days I lost two sons
But you've had such a big story isn't it?
Such a big story and you're still here
I married my wife suddenly from the hospital here
Her parents should not marry the children, no
Now only the memory is with me here
Now I'm all alone, you know and there's no one
That's it, you know, but I want to stay alone
Don't want anybody near me
I think this is your independence, isn't it? And it's your strength. Yeah. Yeah, and where do you get your strength from?
From God because you are so incredibly strong
God is making me stronger and he's giving me strength
Yeah, thank you very much